PROD-5155 OCC API Documentation (#128)
kasko/docs: source/products/occ/vintage-car/rest-api.rst

========
REST API
========

.. note::  Refer to :ref:`REST API page<rest_api>` for more complete documentation regarding the necessary requests before performing and building your own.

**Please remember to use the API specific item and touchpoint.**

Headers
=======

1. ``Accept: application/vnd.kasko.v2+json`` - V2 header. The API requests must include the V2 header in `Quote request`_, `Offer`_ requests.

Possible requests
=================

To purchase a policy at least 3 requests are required in the following order:

> 1. `Quote request`_  - get the policy price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `Quote`_ - get the policy price.
```

2. `Offer`_ - create an offer.

> 3. `Payment`_ requests - covert offer to a paid policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `Payment`_ - convert offer to a paid policy.
```
